82
name hmn.fe type fe3 charge 3.
name hmn.cl type cl
name hmn.ca1 type c2
name hmn.ca2 type c2
name hmn.ca3 type c2
name hmn.na4 type n2
name hmn.ca5 type c2
name hmn.car  type c2
name hmn.har type h
name hmn.cam type c3
name hmn.ham1 type h
name hmn.ham2 type h
name hmn.ham3 type h
name hmn.caa type c2
name hmn.haa type h
name hmn.cab type c2
name hmn.hab1 type h
name hmn.hab2 type h
name hmn.cb1 type c2
name hmn.cb2 type c2
name hmn.cb3 type c2
name hmn.nb4 type n2
name hmn.cb5 type c2
name hmn.cbr  type c2
name hmn.hbr type h
name hmn.cbm type c3
name hmn.hbm1 type h
name hmn.hbm2 type h
name hmn.hbm3 type h
name hmn.cba type c2
name hmn.hba type h
name hmn.cbb type c2
name hmn.hbb1 type h
name hmn.hbb2 type h
name hmn.cc1 type c2
name hmn.cc2 type c2
name hmn.cc3 type c2
name hmn.nc4 type n2
name hmn.cc5 type c2
name hmn.ccr  type c2
name hmn.hcr type h
name hmn.ccm type c3
name hmn.hcm1 type h
name hmn.hcm2 type h
name hmn.hcm3 type h
name hmn.ccm type c3
name hmn.hcm1 type h
name hmn.hcm2 type h
name hmn.hcm3 type h
name hmn.cca type c3
name hmn.hca1 type h
name hmn.hca2 type h
name hmn.ccb type c3
name hmn.hcb1 type h
name hmn.hcb2 type h
name hmn.ccc  type c2
name hmn.oc1  type o2
name hmn.oc2   type o2
name hmn.cd1 type c2
name hmn.cd2 type c2
name hmn.cd3 type c2
name hmn.nd4 type n2
name hmn.cd5 type c2
name hmn.cdr  type c2
name hmn.hdr type h
name hmn.cdm type c3
name hmn.hdm1 type h
name hmn.hdm2 type h
name hmn.hdm3 type h
name hmn.cdm type c3
name hmn.hdm1 type h
name hmn.hdm2 type h
name hmn.hdm3 type h
name hmn.cda type c3
name hmn.hda1 type h
name hmn.hda2 type h
name hmn.cdb type c3
name hmn.hdb1 type h
name hmn.hdb2 type h
name hmn.cdc  type c2
name hmn.od1  type o2
name hmn.od2   type o2
81
hmn.fe hmn.na4 1
hmn.fe hmn.nb4 1
hmn.fe hmn.nc4 1
hmn.fe hmn.nd4 1
hmn.fe hmn.cl 1
hmn.cam hmn.ham1 1
hmn.cam hmn.ham2 1
hmn.cam hmn.ham3 1
hmn.caa hmn.haa 1
hmn.caa hmn.cab 2
hmn.cab hmn.hab1 1
hmn.cab hmn.hab2 1
hmn.cbm hmn.hbm1 1
hmn.cbm hmn.hbm2 1
hmn.cbm hmn.hbm3 1
hmn.cba hmn.hba 1
hmn.cba hmn.cbb 2
hmn.cbb hmn.hbb1 1
hmn.cbb hmn.hbb2 1
hmn.ccm hmn.hcm1 1
hmn.ccm hmn.hcm2 1
hmn.ccm hmn.hcm3 1
hmn.cca hmn.hca1 1
hmn.cca hmn.hca2 1
hmn.cca hmn.ccb 1
hmn.ccb hmn.hcb1 1
hmn.ccb hmn.hcb2 1
hmn.ccb hmn.ccc 1
hmn.ccc hmn.oc1 1.5
hmn.ccc hmn.oc2 1.5
hmn.cdm hmn.hdm1 1
hmn.cdm hmn.hdm2 1
hmn.cdm hmn.hdm3 1
hmn.cda hmn.hda1 1
hmn.cda hmn.hda2 1
hmn.cda hmn.cdb 1
hmn.cdb hmn.hdb1 1
hmn.cdb hmn.hdb2 1
hmn.cdb hmn.cdc 1
hmn.cdc hmn.od1 1.5
hmn.cdc hmn.od2 1.5
hmn.ca1 hmn.cam 1
hmn.ca1 hmn.ca2 2
hmn.ca2 hmn.caa 1
hmn.ca2 hmn.ca3 1
hmn.ca3 hmn.car 2
hmn.ca3 hmn.na4 1
hmn.na4 hmn.ca5 2
hmn.ca5 hmn.ca1 1
hmn.car hmn.har 1
hmn.car hmn.cb5 1
hmn.cb5 hmn.cb1 2
hmn.cb1 hmn.cbm 1
hmn.cb1 hmn.cb2 1
hmn.cb2 hmn.cba 1
hmn.cb2 hmn.cb3 2
hmn.cb3 hmn.cbr 1
hmn.cb3 hmn.nb4 1
hmn.nb4 hmn.cb5 1
hmn.cbr hmn.hbr 1
hmn.cbr hmn.cc5 2
hmn.cc5 hmn.cc1 1
hmn.cc1 hmn.ccm 1
hmn.cc1 hmn.cc2 2
hmn.cc2 hmn.cca 1
hmn.cc2 hmn.cc3 1
hmn.cc3 hmn.ccr 1
hmn.cc3 hmn.nc4 1
hmn.nc4 hmn.cc5 1
hmn.ccr hmn.hcr 1
hmn.ccr hmn.cd5 2
hmn.cd5 hmn.cd1 1
hmn.cd1 hmn.cda 1
hmn.cd1 hmn.cd2 2
hmn.cd2 hmn.cdm 1
hmn.cd2 hmn.cd3 1
hmn.cd3 hmn.cdr 2
hmn.cd3 hmn.nd4 1
hmn.nd4 hmn.cd5 1
hmn.cdr hmn.hdr 1
hmn.cdr hmn.ca5 1
0
0
0


